Prepare Design lifecycle features for develop (#131)
nautobot/nautobot-app-design-builder: docs/user/design_lifecycle.md

# Design LifeCycle

<!-- TODO: Add the screenshoots -->

> According to a design-oriented approach, the Design Builder App provides not only with the capacity to create and update data in Nautobot but also with a complete lifecycle management of each deployment: update, versioning (in the future), and decommissioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to a design-oriented approach, the Design Builder App provides not only the capacity to create and update data in Nautobot but also a complete lifecycle management of each deployment: update, versioning (in the future), and decommissioning.
```

<!-- TODO: without an identifier: IDENTIFIER_KEYS = ["!create_or_update", "!create", "!update", "!get"],
the update features are not working as expected.
I would propose to use explicit action tags even for create: "!create:name"
 -->

All the Design Builder UI navigation menus are under the Design Builder tab.

## `Design`

A `Design` is a one to one mapping with a Nautobot `Job`, enriched with some data from the Design Builder `DesignJob` definition. In concrete, it stores:

- A `Job` reference.
- A `version` string from the `DesignJob`.
- A `description` string from the `DesignJob`.
- A `docs` string from the `DesignJob`.

<!-- TODO: Add the screenshoot of the table of Design -->

> From the `Design`, the user can manage the associated `Job`, and trigger its execution to deploy it creating a `DesignInstance` or Design Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the `Design`, the user can manage the associated `Job`, and trigger its execution, which creates a `DesignInstance` or Design Deployment
```

## Design Deployment or `DesignInstance`

> Once a design is "deployed" in Nautobot, a Design Deployment (or `DesignInstance`) is created with the report of the changes implemented (i.e. `Journals`), and with actions to update or decommissioning it (see next subsections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a design is "deployed" in Nautobot, a Design Deployment (or `DesignInstance`) is created with the report of the changes implemented (i.e. `Journals`), and with actions to update or decommission it (see next subsections).
```

The `DesignInstance` stores:

- The `name` of the deployment, within the context of the `Design`.
- The `Design` reference.
- The `version` from the `Design` when it was deployed or updated.
- When it was initially deployed or last updated.
- The `status` of the design, and the `live_state` or operational status to signal its state in the actual network.

<!-- TODO: Add the screenshoot of the table of DesignInstance -->

### Design Deployment Update

> This feature allows to re run a design instance with different input data to update the implemented design with the new changes: additions and removals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature provides a means to re-run a design instance with different input data. Re-running the job will update the implemented design with the new changes: additions and removals.
```

> It leverages a complete tracking of previous design implementation and a reduce function for the new design to understand the changes to be implemented and the objects to be decommissioned (leveraging the previous decommissioning feature for only a specific object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It leverages a complete tracking of previous design implementations and a reduce function for the new design to understand the changes to be implemented and the objects to be decommissioned (leveraging the previous decommissioning feature for only a specific object).
```

> It leverages a complete tracking of previous design implementation and a reduce function for the new design to understand the changes to be implemented and the objects to be decommissioned (leveraging the previous decommissioning feature for only a specific object).

Reviewer: We need to really consider the term `reduce`. I think from a mathematical/computer science perspective the operation is more like a `map` than a `reduce`.

Author: yes, taking it into account
